Add compilerworks udf under third_party (#246)
GoogleCloudPlatform/bigquery-utils: third_party/compilerworks/README.md

# Using Compilerworks UDFs in BigQuery

## Before You Start

In order to create and use the UDFs within your BigQuery workstreams, ensure that the correct IAM permissions are set.

* For creators of the UDFs ensure that they have the following permissions in the dataset of creation:
  * bigquery.routines.create
  * bigquery.jobs.create

> * For query users of the UDFs please ensure that they have read access to the dataset where the udfs are stored along with the dataset with the actual data.

Reviewer: Modify to document that users don't technically need access to the dataset with the actual data. [Authorized UDFs](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/user-defined-functions#authorized_udf_example) allow users to invoke UDFs which touch datasets to which they don't have access.

Author: Done.

  * bigquery.routines.get
  * bigquery.jobs.create

>   * bigquery.tables.getData

Reviewer: Optional if using authorized UDF

Author: Done.

> * For query users of the UDFs please ensure that they have read access to the dataset where the udfs are stored along with the dataset with the actual data. Note that with (AUTHORIZED UDFS)[https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/user-defined-functions#authorized_udf_example] users can operate on datasets to which they do not have access and so read access to the actual data is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Please ensure that users invoking these UDFs have read access to the dataset which contains the UDFs. You must also perform one of the following to ensure the UDFs will have access to read data:
  * Grant users access to the dataset(s), table(s), or  view(s) from which the UDFs read data
  * Implement [AUTHORIZED UDFS](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/user-defined-functions#authorized_udf_example) to allow the UDFs to read data from datasets to which the invoking users don't have access.
```

## Creating the UDFs

If you want to create and use the UDFs from this repository in your BigQuery dataset,
you must provide your dataset name in the following `bqutil` command:

`bq query --project_id YOUR_PROJECT_ID --dataset_id YOUR_DATASET_ID

> --nouse_legacy_sql < cw_stdlib.sql`

Reviewer: This won't work since all the UDFs in the cw_stdlib.sql have the dataset cw_udf explicitly defined in the DDL. 
I'm ok with removing the dataset from all UDFs and having the user pass in their own via the --dataset_id

Author: Removed `cw_udf` from dataset

Once you create the UDF in your BigQuery project, you can invoke it using the
fully-qualified UDF name (e.g. `<PROJECT>.<DATASET>.<UDF_NAME>()`).

If you are pasting and executing the UDF DDL statement in the BigQuery Console,
you must modify the UDF name to include your desired dataset, and optionally,
the project ID.

`CREATE OR REPLACE FUNCTION your_dataset.function_name() . . .`

or

> `CREATE OR REPLACE FUNCTION project_id.your_dataset.function_name() . . .`

Reviewer 2: Will we be adding documentation for each UDF, similar to:
https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/bigquery-utils/blob/master/udfs/community/README.md

Author: Removed UDFs
